conf-data
=========

This repository contains academic conference metadata.

Structure
---------

* ``EventIndex.json`` contains an overview of all stored metadata. For every metadata change be sure to update the ``Version`` attribute for the conference being updated along with the ``DataRevision`` attribute in the conference data file itself.
* ``data/`` contains the conference metadata itself.
* ``icons62/`` contains 62x62 px imagery.
* ``icons200/`` contains 200x200 px imagery.
* ``update.sh`` performs a git pull and automatically generates ``IndexVersion.json``


Data Notes
----------

Dirk Beyer has written a comprehensive description of the Confero data format:

https://www.conference-publishing.com/ConfEventData-JSON.php

In-progress data files can be validated via our test infrastructure (replace TEST-URL with a real url; Dropbox works nicely here):

```http://conferoapp.com:8083/?file=TEST-URL```

Other
-----

Apps should try to pull the metadata as infrequently as possible. ``IndexVersion.json`` is only 37 bytes and by comparing its time field you will always know if your cached copy is up to date. The date can be generated with ``date +%s``.

``data/SampleData.json`` contains a sample data file that can be used as a template for creating new event data files.

``IndexVersion.json`` contains the datestamp (in POSIX seconds) of the last metadata update. This is automatically generated by ``./update.sh``

Data format notes
------

* Dates are always Month/Day/Year (e.g., 09/25/2012)

* Times should be in 24h format, without am/pm (e.g., 17:55)


